I have a software project where I want to organize and formalize the testing suit. The tool is a command line program which is given two inputs 1. a PDF file and 2. a LaTeX file. The PDF is whatever the LaTeX just rendered but it contains annotations. The goal of the program is to insert those annotations as comments into the LaTeX file at the correct corresponding locations. This is done in four stages. 1. extract the annotations from the PDF file: get the text each annotation selects (if any), information in the comment box and reply chains, and the coordinates of the annotation among other things 2. create a modified version of the LaTeX source which outputs the positional information of boxes for words and other characters the TeX renders in the PDF. 3. use the positional information from the modified LaTeX file to map PDF coordinates to positions in the LaTeX source. 4. Insert the annotations as comments at the positions in the LaTeX file. 

I think the natural way to test this is to have typical unit tests for isolated function in tests/unit and then have all of the e2e tests, of varying sizes in tests/regression and then just differentiate in tests/regression between small documents and entire real world documents. Then I also have a tests/fixtures folder which contains the files that are used in the regression test scripts. Each of these folders in tests/fixtures includes at most the source.tex, an annotated PDF of the source, and the expected modified version of the source outputted by the program. 

Is there anything wrong with this layout? Becaues I'm getting fed up with thinking about how to organize these tests.
